Q1: You and your friend are playing a game with a fair coin. The two of you will continue to toss the coin until the sequence HH or TH shows up. If HH shows up first, you win, and if TH shows up first your friend win. What is the probability of you winning the game?
Q2: If you roll a dice three times, what is the probability to get two consecutive threes?
Q3: Suppose you have ten fair dice. If you randomly throw them simultaneously, what is the probability that the sum of all of the top faces is divisible by six?
Q4: If you have three draws from a uniformly distributed random variable between 0 and 2, what is the probability that the median of three numbers is greater than 1.5?
Q5: Assume you have a deck of 100 cards with values ranging from 1 to 100 and you draw two cards randomly without replacement, what is the probability that the number of one of them is double the other?
Q6: What is the difference between the Bernoulli and Binomial distribution?
Q7: If there are 30 people in a room, what is the probability that everyone has different birthdays?
Q8: Assume two coins, one fair and the other is unfair. You pick one at random, flip it five times, and observe that it comes up as tails all five times. What is the probability that you are fliping the unfair coin?
Q9: Assume you take a stick of length 1 and you break it uniformly at random into three parts. What is the probability that the three pieces can be used to form a triangle?
Q10: Say you draw a circle and choose two chords at random. What is the probability that those chords will intersect?
Q11: If there’s a 15% probability that you might see at least one airplane in a five-minute interval, what is the probability that you might see at least one airplane in a period of half an hour?
Q12: Say you are given an unfair coin, with an unknown bias towards heads or tails. How can you generate fair odds using this coin?
Q13: According to hospital records, 75% of patients suffering from a disease die from that disease. Find out the probability that 4 out of the 6 randomly selected patients survive.
Q14: Discuss some methods you will use to estimate the Parameters of a Probability Distribution
Q15: You have 40 cards in four colors, 10 reds, 10 greens, 10 blues, and ten yellows. Each color has a number from 1 to 10. When you pick two cards without replacement, what is the probability that the two cards are not in the same color and not in the same number?
Q16: Can you explain the difference between frequentist and Bayesian probability approaches?
Q17: Explain the Difference Between Probability and Likelihood